# Overview

This is a MERN stack Dapp with two solidity contracts. This app mints NFTs to the Rinkeby testnet and allows users to send email from a server after Ethereum account authentication is successful on the server.

## Minting

A React frontend connects to metamask and allows users to mint NFTs on an ERC-721 contract deployed on the Rinkeby Testnet. The React frontend uses useContext and a customer auth-Hook to communicate network and user data between components inlcuding user connection state and contract state including an array of tokens owned by user. This app allows users to send an email from the server after signing a transaction in Metamask. Signing the transaction in metamask encrypts the users message and private key which is decrypted on the server and compared to the user address on from the frontend. This app uses both Material UI and CSS for styling.

## Solidity Contracts

There are two ERC-721 contracts deployed with truffle included in this project. Both contracts are based on an Openzeppelin architecture with ERC721Enumberable and ownable imports. Both contracts make use of IPFS for metadata storage and have a walletOfOwner function which loops through existing owners and returns an array of tokens owned by owner.

## Node/Express Server with MongoDb

This app receives user email requests from the front end and uses a Mongoose to save those emails to a MongoDb database. The server uses the eth-sig-util package to decrypt message and private key on the server from data generated by the user on the frontend. This serves to confirm that user is the actual owner of the reported connected address. After this authentication occurs, the server uses the NodeMailer package to send the user's email to Mailtrap (a testing enpoint).
